It seems
Under the deliberate and unintentional manipulation of the book
Hmph, we're all reduced to jokes
Ye Chen
You don't seem to be very aware of your own social status
I'll help you figure it out
A joke also attempts to fight with our young master
That's entitlement.
A little bit of movement
For people like you, Ye Chen
It's like ignoring disaster
Did you guess right?
I am Su Shao's person
I'm not done with you
I think you'd better take care of yourself first
Lan Lan, what do you mean?
Why are you targeting my brother Chen?
Just continue to lick your brother Chen
Soon you will know
What kind of person is he?
Su Yizawa, I know you are amazing
But Heart of the Sea is my personal practice
You can't say you bought it, can you?
Then what?
Lao Han
Is the heart of the ocean okay?